doctor good night
I would like you to explain to us the procedure that showed open that
is doing
previously
with a patient
it's about a patient is young what that entity a gas box towards a
variety
and that in us we call the perioral period an alternative
zone is a very entity
very common in young women who have a syndrome, it happens
puppet so much cynicism
is a patient who is already in treatment with an endocrinologist
his dermatological problems are extremely rebellious
the patient has two months with these injuries and in us we are just
now what
and giving him an antibiotic treatment and as we have seen an entertaining
xie what we call hematological cleaning is a single letter
with glycolic acid
that treatment what is here is to kill in a superficial way the forest
so that she can look better in a short time
with total confidence or can not go home they tell me that
be treated to treat any skin problem
of a variety of subjects from everything that concerns the skin
we also see bullish soria about fungi
inc
so
Dr. Juste can invite Amé and Center we leave
in wide freedom
but tie the first channel of the logical log Peru is really that what
well that there are such channels where we as specialists
can have we have an exposure to arrive adn
all to nothing all the people who are watching us
especially that is have contact with us that we are specialists not
many times
to the hairdresser to assist people who study more about the hair
they dedicate to doing things in the face and many times
is not one hundred percent until there is not satisfied
and have access to real specialists
photo the nugget of resetting your medical center
they tell me that he was 11 years old here in the district of santa anita in the oval
santa anita in the street los flamencos 200
third floor
by the way I would meet him on Monday and Saturday from 6 to 8
the night stillness this doctorate we the
ordinary citizens
since we are here ender
by Internet
we wanted to know
if it is very accessible there are these treatments
for example in this case of rice thank you if you are in treatment as well
silvia everything and the others all pockets
in treatment as icon
and that is above all it allows the patient to return to his labors
in two days they are usually done on the weekend
per cent but it's almost like a hairdresser was not
only with the difference that hiding killed after school like us
as an old shoemaker saying would say to your shoes and we are calm
so
thank you very much doctor petit albarracín and we hope
continue to see the development
of the rose c
the patient bobito and ends to see the final result
thanks for tonight and as you friends
it will be up to another opportunity